src/config.md, before:

- In windows in file paths you need to replace `\` with `\\` e.g. `"C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Audacity\\audacity.exe` 

#### when problems occur
If you have problems with this add-on: <br/>
1. Read [this Anki FAQ](https://faqs.ankiweb.net/when-problems-occur.html)<br/>
2. Disable all other add-ons, then restart Anki and then try again. If this solves your problem you 
have an add-on conflict and must decide which add-on is more important for you. <br/>
3. If you still have problems, reset the config of this add-on and restart Anki and try again.<br/>
4. If it still doesn't work you report the problem at 
https://forums.ankiweb.net/t/open-in-external-editor-rename-duplicate-for-image-audio-video-official-thread/555 and describe
the exact steps needed to reproduce the problem.

Anki gets better with each update and sometimes these changes breaks add-ons or changes how they work. So if an 
add-on no longer works as expected after an add-on: Make sure to have the latest version by manually 
checking for add-on updates. Then also have a look at the add-on listing on ankiweb, e.g. 
https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1331140127 for this add-on. On these pages add-on creators often 
list changes for their add-ons.
<br/>


#### Creators
This add-on was made by ijgnd. It also uses code made by other people: Copyright<br>
Copyright (c):
- 2019- ijgnd
- Ankitects Pty Ltd and contributors
- 2020 BlueGreenMagick
- 2016 Stevie Poppe, Remove Missing Audio References https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1328067109
- 2018 ChrisK91 Edit Images Externally, Updated (Windows) https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/771313609
- 2016-18 glutanimate, Image Occlusion Enhanced https://github.com/glutanimate/image-occlusion-enhanced
- 2016 Dimitry Mikheev, Edit Audio Images https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1075177705
                                          https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1040866511
- 2016 anonymous, Edit Images Externally (Mac OSx) https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1829440730
- 2020 Y. H. Lai (yhlai-code) https://github.com/ijgnd/anki21__OpenInExternalEditor_Rename_Duplicate_for_Image_Audio_Video/pull/2
License: AGPLv3 <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html>

Commit message:

Improve macOS compatibility
For external editing, use shlex to separate command line arguments more accurately. Also redirect to stdout and stderr to /dev/null.

Rename seems to require addition of mediafolder path to the old and new paths on the macOS side.

Documentation changes.

src/config.md, after:

- In windows in file paths you need to replace `\` with `\\` e.g. `"C:\\Program Files (x86)\\Audacity\\audacity.exe` 
- In macOS, use absolute paths to external editor applications. For example, if you use Audacity, the path should be `/Applications/Audacity.app`

#### when problems occur
If you have problems with this add-on: <br/>
1. Read [this Anki FAQ](https://faqs.ankiweb.net/when-problems-occur.html)<br/>
2. Disable all other add-ons, then restart Anki and then try again. If this solves your problem you 
have an add-on conflict and must decide which add-on is more important for you. <br/>
3. If you still have problems, reset the config of this add-on and restart Anki and try again.<br/>
4. If it still doesn't work you report the problem at 
https://forums.ankiweb.net/t/open-in-external-editor-rename-duplicate-for-image-audio-video-official-thread/555 and describe
the exact steps needed to reproduce the problem.

Anki gets better with each update and sometimes these changes breaks add-ons or changes how they work. So if an 
add-on no longer works as expected after an add-on: Make sure to have the latest version by manually 
checking for add-on updates. Then also have a look at the add-on listing on ankiweb, e.g. 
https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1331140127 for this add-on. On these pages add-on creators often 
list changes for their add-ons.
<br/>


#### Creators
This add-on was made by ijgnd. It also uses code made by other people: Copyright<br>
Copyright (c):
- 2019- ijgnd
- Ankitects Pty Ltd and contributors
- 2020 BlueGreenMagick
- 2016 Stevie Poppe, Remove Missing Audio References https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1328067109
- 2018 ChrisK91 Edit Images Externally, Updated (Windows) https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/771313609
- 2016-18 glutanimate, Image Occlusion Enhanced https://github.com/glutanimate/image-occlusion-enhanced
- 2016 Dimitry Mikheev, Edit Audio Images https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1075177705
                                          https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1040866511
- 2016 anonymous, Edit Images Externally (Mac OSx) https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/1829440730
- 2020 Y. H. Lai (yhlai-code) https://github.com/ijgnd/anki21__OpenInExternalEditor_Rename_Duplicate_for_Image_Audio_Video/pull/2
License: AGPLv3 <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl.html>
